# cs305

The newest client, Artemis Financial, is a consulting company that develops individualized financial plans for their customers. The client wants to modernize their operations, and as a crucial part of the success of their custom software, they also want to use the most current and effective software security. Something I did very well after finding security vulnerabilities in the client's software was immediately take action to thoroughly investigate each vulnerability to find an appropriate and effective solution. It is imperative to code securely to ensure the software and any information being utilized by it is protected and safe from anyone who may want to use said information in malicious ways. Software security adds value to a company's overall wellbeing as it allows employees and customers alike to know they can trust the company, their information is safe, and they are in good hands. The part of the vulnerability assessment that was challenging to me was correctly assessing the areas of vulnerability for a specific company and their software purposes and needs.
To increase layers of security I ran static testing to check how vulnerable the software was, and after refactoring the code I ran a secondary static test to check if any new vulnerabilities were introduced. To make certain the code and software application were functional and secure I created a self-signed certificate and updated any libraries and plug-ins that were old. The resource I found that might be helpful in future assignments or tasks is the Maven Dependency check as it is very helpful in identifying vulnerabilities and allows the developer to suppress said vulnerabilities if they prove to be false positives. Something I might show future employers from this assignment would be my BLANK.
